#   Copyright
#
#       Copyright (C) 2009-2010 Jari Aalto
#
#   License
#
#       This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
#       it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
#       the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
#       (at your option) any later version.
#
#       This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
#       but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
#       MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
#       GNU General Public License for more details.
#
#       You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
#       along with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
#
#   Description
#
#	This is manual page in Perl POD format. Read more at
#	http://perldoc.perl.org/perlpod.html or run command:
#
#	    perldoc perlpod | less
#
#	To learn what TOP LEVEL section to use in manual pages,
#	see POSIX/Susv standard and "Utility Description Defaults" at
#	http://www.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/009695399/utilities/xcu_chap01.html#tag_01_11
#
#	To check syntax:
#
#	    podchecker *.pod
#
#	Create manual page with command:
#
#	    pod2man [options] PAGE.N.pod > PAGE.N

=pod

=head1 NAME

leafpad - GTK+ based simple text editor

=head1 DESCRIPTION

leafpad is a simple GTK+ based text editor. The user interface is
similar to Windows(tm) I<notepad>. It aims to be lighter than GEdit
and KWrite and to be as useful as them.

B<WARNING:> The encoding feature is derived from built-in Glib's iconv
feature (g_convert), which you can check with command C<iconv -l>.
Leafpad can use only the listed encoding. Any other encoding cause
serious data loss.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  leafpad [options] [filename]

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<--codeset=CODESET>

Set codeset to open file.

=item B<--display=DISPLAY>

X display to use.

=item B<--help>

Dispaly the command line options.

=item B<--screen=SCREEN>

X screen to use.

=item B<--sync>

Make X calls synchronous.

=item B<--tab-width=WIDTH>

Set tab width.

=item B<--version>

Display version number.

=back

=head1 ENVIRONMENT

None.

=head1 FILES

None.

=head1 SEE ALSO

gedit(1)
kwrite(1)

=head1 AUTHORS

Program was written by Tarot Osuji <tarot@sdf.lonestar.org>.

This manual page was written by Carlos Z.F. Liu
<carlosliu@users.sourceforge.net> for the Debian GNU system (but may
be used by others). Updated by Jari Aalto <jari.aalto@cante.net>.

Released under license GNU GPL v2 or (at your option) any later
version. For more information about license, visit
<http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html>.

=cut
